detectives recap here today i'm going to
show you a thriller film called
nightcrawler
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
the moment he saw a stringer in action
lou bloom knew that he wanted to build
his own media empire
ruthless manipulative and efficient lou
turns the crime victims of la into
money-making spectacles to make it big
in the cutthroat realm of nightcrawling
late at night louis lou bloom is
breaking off a chain-link fence in a
restricted construction area when a cop
stops him
lou puts on a smile for the officer and
provides an id upon his request
maintaining a friendly atmosphere lou
talks idly with a cop and eyes his
wristwatch
suddenly lou attacks him before leaving
with a nice haul of chain links and a
new watch
in a junkyard lou attempts negotiations
as he sells the stolen goods
he talks strictly in corporate lingo
even bringing up the market value of his
pieces but the foreman doesn't budge
after being forced to accept the boss's
price lou starts asking him for a job
he maintains the corporate talk in his
pitch using scripts and buzzwords that
would make any hr recruiter swoon
but in the end the boss says that he
doesn't hire thieves and lou leaves
empty-handed
while driving lou notices cop cars in
the area so he pulls over to see what
they're investigating
he's watching them rescue a woman
trapped inside a burning car when a van
of stringer shows up
rushing out of the van joe loader leads
his cameraman to get close enough to
film the wreckage and rescue
lou observes them with a gleam of
fascination on his face
when loader finishes lou approaches to
ask about the job
though loader says he's not getting
compensated enough for it lou notices
the advanced equipment in the van which
convinces him otherwise
he then asks if loader is hiring to
which he received a colorful note
lou maintains a polite smile and thanks
loader just as he is notified of another
accident
the next morning lou grows even more
interested in this freelance
photojournalism business after seeing
loaders material make it to television
he steals a bike afterwards and sells it
for store credit which he uses to buy a
camcorder and a police scanner
with his new equipment lou listens for
incident reports as they occur while
camped in his car
each time he gets to a crime scene he's
always forced to leave by the cops there
finally he manages to get a graphic
close-up shot of a carjacking victim
before another cop tells him in a
stringer from ace video to back off
lou sells the footage to channel 6 news
station where he meets news director
nina romina
though they're already getting the
footage from ace video lou promises that
his shot is much closer than theirs
nita sees how graphic the video is and
just like that she sold
nina pays lou for it and tells him to
get better gear
she then gives him a rundown of what her
channel likes to air which mostly
revolves around urban crimes creeping
into affluent suburbs along with bloody
accidents
some days pass and lou managed to get
himself a younger assistant named rick
he interviews rick under the pretense of
needing an intern for his successful tv
news business with rick expressing his
reluctance towards doing unpaid work
lou tells him he'll pay 30 a night
strapped for cash
rick agrees to the arrangement the two
spend all day listening for a story to
film that
isn't until night comes that they find
one lou drives at a dangerously fast
speed
freaking rick out and making him give
the wrong direction by the time they
arrived at the scene
it was too late though lou is mad at
rick he handles him in an early calm
manner
maintaining the same corporate shtick
the entire time for their next crime
scene they arrive at the aftermath of a
shooting incident in the suburbs
lou is determined to not leave the place
empty-handed so he takes advantage of
the victims being interviewed
using the opportunity to enter their
home once inside
he tampers with the photos on the fridge
rearranging them to craft a more
compelling narrative for his footage
lou delivers the material over to nina
and she loves it
assignment editor frank however finds
the footage unethical
nina shoots frank down harshly and
proceeds with running the tape
lou and nina share a brief conversation
where lou tells her that while he hasn't
received much formal education
he's a fast learner who spends all his
time studying online
he adds that television news just may be
something that he loves and something
that he's good at
after being left alone lou sits behind
the news anchors table
his smile is gone and he's left with a
blank look on his face
as if pondering over his plans days
crimes
and accidents go by and lou and rick are
on a roll they're able to shoot a ton of
breaking material
all with horrific headlines despite his
increasing experiences
lou continues to handle the job
callously while a man tries to talk to
9-1-1 about a car crash that led to
severe injuries
lou points the camera at his face and
presses him about what happened
when the man tells him off lou goes on
ahead to film the injured victim
once again he tampers with the crime
scene and this time
he moves the body to get a better angle
in spite of what he did
he is exhilarated by the results and
shows no remorse for his actions
simply leaving when loader and the cops
had arrived
the next time lou meets nina he
pressures her to go on a date with him
nina refuses him at first and firmly
asserts that she wants to maintain a
professional relationship
with a smile lou makes a thinly veiled
thread about cutting off said
relationship with her if she refuses and
this leaves nina speechless
loader approaches lou on the street and
invites him to run a second nightcrawler
van
he tries to win lou over with the
promise of doubling his sales and
letting him use his equipment and
connections
lou refuses the offer and when loader
insists lou tells him that he feels like
grabbing him by his ears and screaming
in his face that he's not interested
nina agrees to go on a courtesy date
with lou who tells her that it's his
goal to own a news station
lou stiffly flirts with her and this
only makes nina uncomfortable especially
with his comments on how nice she smells
and how there's a lot of information
about her online
eventually lou cuts to the chase and
admits that he wants her to sleep with
him
though nina strongly refuses liu
threatens that he'll stop selling to her
which would single-handedly tank their
ratings
he also insists that he doesn't want her
just as someone to sleep with
but as a friend too when nina tells him
that friends don't pressure friends to
sleep together
lou refutes this by saying that a friend
is a gift you give yourself
this makes it clear that lou has no
interest in connecting with others and
only views relationships as means to an
end
regardless nina looks completely
resigned though things have been going
well for lou
he begins to encounter some problems he
and rick are starting to argue with each
other
with rick asking him for a raise and lu
shooting him down
the two arrive to a plane crash scene
but they're too late loader and his team
have already captured it
loader mocks him and brags about the
five fatally injured people they managed
to shoot while lou is left with a weak
stabbing story in corona
niya is furious by this especially since
her ratings are under strict review that
week lou tries to show her his footage
but nina yells at him
saying that she doesn't care about
corona and that he should give her what
he promised he would
a story that no one can turn away from
with loaders coverage front and center
in channel 2
a seething lou shouts at his bathroom
mirror before smashing it broken in a
fit of rage
the next day lou sabotages loader's
mayhem van
which leads to its crash later that
night rick tells him not to film the
incident since loader's one of them but
lou carries on under the guise of
professionalism
he films loaders injured and bleeding
face as the paramedics take him away
for their next big story lou and rick
drive to an affluent house where a home
invasion is taking place
the robbers are still inside but lou is
undeterred in spite of the gunshots he
just heard
he continues filming everything even the
plate number of the robber's vehicle as
they drive away
with the crooks gone lou makes his way
inside the home and he starts filming
every dead body and blood trail he could
find
he has no regard for the victims at all
even filming a bleeding
elderly man as he weakly grasps for
breath when lou gives need of the
footage
she is impressed it's exactly what their
station needs and she ignores frank's
ethical reservations
insisting on airing it when it's time to
negotiate for prices
lou starts off with his usual tactic of
giving an absurdly high number until
they arrive at fifteen thousand dollars
nina tries to negotiate for a lower
price prompting lou to start making his
other demands
like having his company video production
news credited on air along with meeting
the rest of her team
lou is the one calling the shots now and
nina has no other choice but to yield to
his demands
lou is introduced to the news anchors
and he watches as the crew films the
breaking story
to his satisfaction video production
news is appropriately credited by the
anchors
just as he demanded the following day
lou's story airs and he receives a visit
from a pair of investigators
detective frontieri and detective
lieberman they question him on what he
did to procure the footage and lou lies
claiming that he only started filming
when he was inside the house
he also lied about not seeing the
intruders faces and their vehicle before
giving the detectives a copy of the
video as they requested
with the investigators gone lou proceeds
to take a screenshot of the robbers
faces
he then looks their plate numbers up so
he can pursue them with rick
rick is unsure of this saying that they
should be calling the cops if lou knows
who the perps are
lou assures him that they'll be calling
them when the right time comes and he
pulls over to discuss
video production news expansion with him
he promotes him to executive vice
president and lets him pick what he
wants his new pay to be
rick meekly settles for 75 a night and
when he realizes that he could have
chosen a higher number
they've already closed the deal they
stop when lou spots the criminal's car
and this is when lou tells rick that
there's a reward of 50 000
for their capture he refuses to give
rick any of it as a bonus and when lou
starts talking about following the
wanted man around so they can get better
footage
rick demands for half the reward he even
threatens lu to report this to the cops
lou calmly relents and though he doesn't
like what rick is doing
he agrees to his demands rick then tells
him that he should start talking to
others like they're human beings and
that the problem with him is that he
doesn't understand people
when the robbers start moving lou tails
their car until they stop at a
restaurant
lou phones the cops to give them the
men's locations and descriptions
even saying that one of them is possibly
armed once the call is over
he tells rick to go down the street and
film from there
rick strongly refuses and though lou is
speaking as professionally as he always
does
he begins to threaten him he asks rick
what if his problem isn't that he
doesn't understand people
but that he doesn't like them then he
asks what if he was obligated to
physically hurt him
knowing that he's in a dangerous
position with his boss rick is forced to
do as he says
when the cops arrive lou starts filming
from his car while rick films from down
the street
more and more cops show up in a shootout
ensues one of the criminals managed to
escape and as soon as rick gets in the
car
lou floors it to chase the man down lou
doesn't care about the casualties at all
and he orders rick to start filming
of course rick is terrified by this
especially with the dangerous turns that
lou is making and how closely he's
tailing them
a car suddenly crashes against the
zipping police car and ever wide-eyed
lou remains unflinching and unblinking
he doesn't listen to rick's protests
even when the robber's car is ramming
the cops
both vehicles end up crashing and
without missing a beat lou steps out of
his own with his camera in hand
he walks to up to the robber's vehicle
and calls out to rick telling him that
the man is dead
at lew's instruction rick goes to film
the supposedly dead man but as it turns
out
he is still alive he shoots rick
multiple times before stepping out of
the car
the man comes face to face with lou but
with the sirens blaring from a distance
he tries to escape only to be shot dead
by the police
lou walks on over to rick as he lay
dying on the ground to film him
when rick accuses lou of seeing that the
man was still alive
lou simply tells him that he can't
jeopardize his company's success by
retaining untrustworthy employees
he coldly adds that rick used lou's own
bargaining power against him
and that he would have done it again
when rick dies lou takes the camera from
him then takes his leave
as lou makes his way to see nina he
greets the news crew with a charming
smile as if nothing happened
he even gets recognized by one of the
news anchors
nina is stunned to see the entire
footage and with the video stopped at
rick's dying body
she turns to face lou completely smitten
and entranced by his work
while they're preparing to wear the
story detective frontier comes in to
confiscate the tapes as evidence
nita refuses and the detective is
directed to speak with lou instead
right before airing frank pulls nina
aside to tell her that the home invasion
story was discovered to be a drug
robbery
nina cares very little for this new
information and she tells frank to give
it to the noon crew as it detracts from
the story
incredulous frank says that she's
starting to sound like lou and nina
retorts that lou
is inspiring them to reach a little
higher frontier interrogates lou and she
sees right through his fabricated story
she's able to pinpoint that lou just sat
on the information and bided his time so
he can get a story to film
lou responds that it would be an
unprofessional thing for him to do and
frontiery corrects him
saying that it would be murder when the
topic shifted to rick and how unbothered
lou is about his death
he argues that he died doing what he
loved and he only filmed him dying
because it was his job
frontier may know the truth but
ultimately she can't prove it
lou walks away scot-free with lou's
continued success in the industry
video production news now comprises of
himself and three interns
he gives them an introductory speech
then ends it by promising that he will
never ask them to do anything that he
wouldn't do himself
getting inside their vans the
nightcrawlers venture off to the lamplit
streets of los angeles
ready to capture the stories that no one
can turn away from subscribe to watch
more videos like this
turn on notifications and leave a like
it really helps the channel out
thank you for watching